So this form is looking pretty bleak,
[LAUGH] right?
Everything's shoved up against each other,
it's got some nice lines dividing it.
Nice great looking controls, but
yeah, on the whole, pretty bleak.
So, there's a million
ways to style a form.
I'm sure many of you that are watching
this, both live and recorded later,
have styled 10 million forms and
you will yet style 10 million more.
And I don't know if you're excited or
not excited about that,
probably depends on your job
satisfaction to some degree.
I'm not looking forward to styling any
more forms in my career despite the fact
that I will probably
be doing it next week.
The nice thing that Tailwind has,
it has a concept of a plugin.
And so one of those plugins,
bless them, is forums.
That they just give you some
nice default looking forums.
So I'm gonna show you how to install and
use a plugin for Tailwind.
So head back over to your page here.
Let's go ahead and stop our parcel and
I want you to npm install -D
@tailwindcss/forms@0.2.1.
This will get you a nice
Tailwind CSS plugin for like,
just really nice default
looking form controls.
>> Why are you use -D to install it?
>> Why did we use -D here?
This is a developer tool, so
it goes in the dev dependencies,
not the production dependencies.
Yes, so if I look at my package.json,
there's the dependencies.
These are the ones that actually
go out to my production, react,
react-dom and react-router-dom.
And then you can see most of my things are
in the devDependencies, which is things I
used to build the project but
don't actually go out to production.
That's what that is, cool.
Okay, so one of my favorite other plugins
that we're not gonna use today is
something called aspect ratio.
So there's a Tailwind plugin for,
I want this to be 16 by 9 or
I want this to be 1 by 2.
And if you've ever had to keep images
consistent sizes or I've ever had to
have YouTube videos remain constant in
aspect ratio, it's a blessing, right?
Because otherwise you're doing this like
weird padding bottom trick to do it.
If you've never had to
do it then lucky you.
If you've ever had to do it,
you know exactly what I'm talking about.
So anyway, we're not doing that one
today but just know that exists and
that I'm so happy that it exists.
So we installed our dependency.
We're gonna go in here to plugins and
we're just gonna add
require@tailwindcss/forms.
So this is using common js here,
that's why it's using module exports and
requires, just the way it works,
it's totally fine.
You could probably have
parcel build your config.
I wouldn't suggest that.
I suggest just doing it how
they tell you to do it.
All right, so
now we have this new fancy plugin and
we should be able to just start
back up our server, npm run dev.
This is going to basically apply
a bunch of default styles to your
forms without you having to do anything.
So now if I refresh this, you can see
these look a bit nicer now, right?
They have nice down arrows,
all that kinda stuff and
then we'll style them a little bit
more to make them more appropriate.
But we got all this styling for
free from that Tailwind forms plugin.
If you go look at the the docs for it,
they actually have several different
kinds of styles that you can apply.
We're just gonna stick with
the default ones for now, but
there are more in that plugin.
So I'm sure you can imagine you
can install entire like design
systems with this.
You can make your own plugin
that applies like the,
my company design styles and it just
comes all with it which is pretty cool.
Okay, so
let's go to our inputs on SearchParams,
SearchParams and
these inputs and we just wanna
put a class name of width 60 just
to give them some nice width.
So all the selects, I'm gonna go do that
as well as the input up here as well,
just so they're of uniform width.
And there we go.
Now if I save that and
come back over here,
getting better by the minute,
still not quite there.
I think the other thing that we should
do here, Probably gives these some.
I think I missed a class here.
There's supposed to be some
spacing between these.
On the forum pb, mb rounded, background
gray, shadow flex, flex justice.
Well, something we can always do here
is like margin 10 or margin bottom 10.
Maybe some margin top two, so maybe just
instead of mb, we can just put my, right.
So my 10.
Maybe a little too spacious but.
There you go, there's some more
spacing there on that as well.